[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
It's my privilege
to have Raymond Tarpey
back with us again.
A scholar, teacher and linguist
he helps us wrap our minds
around the connectedness
between past [? high ? ] periods
of history and the true
destiny of humankind.
Today, we'll speak about
what Sir Francis Bacon called
the New Atlantis in
the 16th century, which
of course, is America, right?
And I find-- well,
there's so much
that's fascinating
in the story, which
is why we're kind of calling
this the New Atlantis.
But there are
several other themes
that are going to be woven
into America's destiny
as the new Atlantis.
But before we get to that, I'm
sure our viewers have noticed
we have a friend with us.
>>RAYMOND TARPEY: Yes.
His name is Earth Keeper.
And Earth Keeper was given to
me during the 11/11/11 Crystal
Skulls Conference
in Los Angeles.
>>REGINA: That's when I met you.
And I met you, I
think within an hour
after you were
given Earth Keeper.
>>TARPEY: That's right.
And so it was a
very exciting time.
>>REGINA: It is.
Let's talk about-- because we
are going to-- crystal, crystal
technology, Crystal Skulls will
come into this conversation.
So I would like to just launch
into this for a few moments,
if you don't mind.
>>TARPEY: Sure.
>>REGINA: Since you've developed
a very deep relationship
with Earth Keeper
from the moment
you met him until now, which is
another 6 and 1/2 years later.
Tell us about the journey
between the two of you
and where he's
taking you and what
his destiny is on the planet.
>>TARPEY: Well, it's gone
from shock to intimacy,
because I never expected to
just have Earth Keeper just come
at me.
>>REGINA: Again,
tell us who he is
and where he's from
and all that, too.
>>TARPEY: He is--
I hate to use the
word "he/she/it."
It doesn't describe.
It's an agate crystal skull,
which means it's of the moon.
Edgar Cayce said
agate is of the moon.
And it's the grayish blue.
And it's filled with animals.
And my teacher is in there.
It's an ancient lady
from the Pacific.
It looks like a Japanese or
a Chinese lady with a child.
And so she is my teacher
within the skull.
But within the skull, there
are 276,000 entities in there
that give testimony from
many different lifetimes.
And Earth Keeper has become
my companion during readings.
And then, I dare to say things
that I never said before
as a Mayan calendar reader.
So that has been the gift.
And also, my responsibility.
I have to watch out where he
is, that he's comfortable.
And I feel a sense of
guilt if I don't take care.
I have the
guardianship and I have
to keep focused on where
he is and what's going on.
And our relationship becomes
more and more intimate
as we go.
And has he been able to
share with you-- having
all of this knowledge from
the past, share with you
also some of the destiny
of where we're going?
>>TARPEY: Yes, he has.
It comes as I read because
he's right there as I'm
reading and doing my research
and doing my meditations.
And he has his part in there.
Because many times I look up
because a strange thought comes
from in and among the words.
And it's just like a
crystal that you find in
between and among the words.
And I look at him.
And I go, it's like
Tom Hanks in "Castaway"
is looking at Wilson.
>>REGINA: Wilson.
I bet he has more
insight than Wilson.
Though, Wilson was a
good and true companion.
>>TARPEY: Was an
important thing, yes.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
Now, one other
little, quick thing.
You looked at the numerol--
not the numerology,
but astrology before we
did this interview today,
which you tend to
take everything
in a very mindful way.
That if this is a gathering
between the two of us,
or you and someone else where
it's important, you look at it.
And you found an interesting--.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
I decided the night before
last that I should check out
why it is that we are
to come together again
after six and a half years.
And as I looked, I found
out this is a day named
[NON-ENGLISH],,
which translates--
in the Mayan calendar, there
are two sets, main sets,
of important numbers.
In the Americas, the two
most important numbers
are 20 and 13.
That's one of the greatest
verifications of the validity
of the calendar because a
5,125-year-long count of Mayan
calendar ended at the
cusp of 2012 and 2013.
20 and 13.
So that's amazing.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>TARPEY: And of the 13,
today is the number 2.
And of the 20, it
is the number 5.
And put them together, it's 25.
I just thought of this--
now I know he's working--
that 25 is the 12 plus the 13.
And the sacred
number of Eurasia,
where most of the newer
people came from--
not the indigenous people
here, but the new people--
came in the 1500s and
1600s, even the late 1400s.
They're from Eurasia.
And the sacred number
in Eurasia is 12.
12 knights of the round table.
12 months of the year.
12 people on the jury.
12 lost tribes.
12 tribes of Israel.
I could go on and on.
Here in the Americas,
the sacred number is 13.
It started at the beginning,
because the last colony
to enter, quite
surprisingly, was Georgia.
And Georgia became number 13.
And that sealed the destiny
because the people from Eurasia
would love for it
to have been 12.
Only the Masons understood
that it's now 13.
That this is a different
spiritual place, a sector
of the world that's different.
That has its own
unique read testimony.
And so it's just interesting
how that worked out.
And I found that out
from Edgar Casey.
Also, he said that the lands
of the Americas and Atlantis
are the red residence places.
>>REGINA: Which are?
The Americas?
>>TARPEY: All the Americas.
All the Americas,
North and South.
The two big pieces.
And the Maya, as it turns out,
are right at the crossroads
in between the two big pieces
at the heart of the Americas,
Central America.
And as it stood
in ancient times,
the Maya were right in between
the two great lost continents,
Lemuria and Atlantis.
So they were very well fixed
for a civilization unparalleled.
A civilization that shocks
and surprises the deeper I go.
>>REGINA: So the Mayan-- as you
say, they sat between the two.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: So at the
sinking and/or destruction
of one or the other,
there were beings,
people that were
able to emigrate
from there to the Mayan lands.
So they had the
influence of both?
>>TARPEY: That's correct.
>>REGINA: Which is one of the
only places on Earth, right?
>>TARPEY: Right.
>>REGINA: That has
the confluence--
>>TARPEY: Right there.
>>REGINA: --of
Lemurian and Atlantean.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
It's a very thin
place right there.
And the Maya was
set right there.
Edgar Cayce's readings opened
a whole new dimension for me
in history and
the way to see it.
And he describes the émigrés
coming from Atlantis after
the destructions.
There were three
main destructions,
probably about 52,000 years
ago and 26,000 years ago.
And then finally,
13,000 years ago.
I put them in terms
of Mayan numbers
because those are
three powerful numbers.
And there were
émigrés that came out.
The most famous of which
mentioned by Edgar Cayce
is a soul called Iltar
of the house of Aztlan.
And that was the
house of Atlantis.
And the Aztecs
said that they came
from the place called Aztlan.
So it's a confirmation of that
happening in ancient times.
And he came with a group,
I believe it was 10,
and built some of the first
temples in these Mayan lands.
And Edgar Cayce went on to
say that the people of Mu
had been coming
for millennia here.
And that's why I first began
to study the Maya because I
could see China underneath.
As I explained in
our first meeting,
that there were only two
cultures in the world
that esteemed jade above
gold, the Maya and China.
And the Maya have a
glyph of the goddess
of the moon with the rabbit.
Only the Chinese have that.
It's a very ancient,
ancient story.
So there are ancient
connections here.
And that's what I
love to study about.
>>REGINA: And you do a
beautiful job, by the way.
Everybody can look
into your work.
So with Lemuria or Mu, some
of the emigration from there
went as far North, as my
understanding is, even
to what is now California.
>>TARPEY: That's correct.
Cayce talked a lot about Mt.
Shasta as a place of Lemuria.
Because the Pacific
plate is right next
to and underneath us.
So Mu is underneath us.
And that gives us a new--
I just found this out
studying the Hopi.
And many of the
American Indians say
they emerged from underneath.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>TARPEY: And so this sort
of is a corroboration.
That's why I think
I'm stationed now
in southwest part of
the United States.
That's an area around
Arizona and the Four Corners,
where I'm set to do
this kind of research.
>>REGINA: OK.
So it's going to seem like
we're going tangential a bit,
but I want to introduce
another place that
has remained kind of
mysterious regarding Atlantis.
And again, some
of the emigration
from Atlantis before it
went down the final time.
Or even earlier than that.
Certainly, at least
one of the times--
it was over a long
period of time
that that event took place.
So there was a lot of time for
people to move off the land.
They had notice.
So we have-- from
Lemuria, we have
California all the way up Mt.
Shasta, and the Mayan lands, and
down the coast of South America
that were populated by some
of the people from Lemuria,
correct?
>>TARPEY: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: Where else
did some of the people
from the original Lemuria go?
>>TARPEY: They went
all around the world.
They were really missionaries.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>TARPEY: I think their
migrations were even much
heavier than the Atlanteans.
Because as a
theosophical Society,
Madame Blavatsky found
that they were in India.
They were in Burma.
And so all around
the world feels
that Pacific, peaceful
influence of Mu.
It is famous for
not being as active.
Casey described the Atlanteans
as having very active souls,
entrepreneurial.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TARPEY: The Lemurians
are different.
>>REGINA: More passive.
>>TARPEY: As are the
Asian peoples themselves.
They're more reticent to
speak than in the West.
>>REGINA: What about
Tibet and Nepal?
>>TARPEY: Right there.
And because of the Tibetans at
the other side of the world,
the similarities are incredible.
And during the '70s, at the time
of the hippies when the Indians
got more hope that possibly
these people could change--
I'm taking some credit
for that, by the way.
It was a hippie for a long time.
>>REGINA: Please do.
>>TARPEY: And the Tibetans got
very close in the Southwest
to the Hopi and to other
tribes in the Southwest.
And they found
their common ground.
And so there are many societies
now where the grandmothers are
together with the
Tibetan Buddhists
and working together and
meeting together all the time.
I am a member of that
group in Phoenix, Arizona,
called the Circle of Friends.
It's a Tibetan Buddhist group,
but the American Indians
are very much a part of our
meetings and consultations.
>>REGINA: And the
common denominator
is the influence
from Lemuria or Mu?
>>TARPEY: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: And what would you say
was the nature of what they--
you say they're kind
of missionaries?
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Of what the nature
of the message or knowledge
they propagated?
>>TARPEY: The nature is peace.
The nature is in making
sacrifices inside the self,
not outside the self.
And the building
of proper temples.
And the temples
with the stones that
are round before the
altars as Edgar Cayce said.
And in the step pyramids.
And in just a Pacific,
the ocean is well-named,
the Pacific nature.
And Edgar Cayce mentioned
that of all the civilizations
in the entire
history of humankind
according to the
Akashic record, those
that reach the highest level
of spiritual civilization
were the Mu Lemurians.
Some people--
>>REGINA: That's my
understanding as well.
>>TARPEY: --will say,
well, that's early.
It's early.
And so they were more ethereal--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TARPEY: --than later on.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>TARPEY: There is that
area to qualify it also.
>>REGINA: Yes.
It wouldn't necessarily
be in human form
exactly as we are right now.
There was a lighter essence
to us or them at that time.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's look at the
influences from Atlantis
and we'll work our way
toward the New Atlantis.
And I think one area of the
world I've always been curious
about is according to
some of the ancient texts,
the last remaining
visible part of Atlantis
is the tip of Mount
Picos in the Azores.
And people do
wonder for example,
about the Basque region
and their Basque language.
We know Atlanteans went
into the area of Portugal
and many other places
when it went East.
Can you talk about the
Basque region, for example?
>>TARPEY: Yeah.
The Basque region is right
there in the Pyrenees
between France and Spain.
So they've always been in
some irregular relationships
with those two larger cultures.
But they're so strong.
They managed to keep
their independence.
And their language,
Euskera is ancient.
We can't trace it.
Most of the, if not all,
of the European languages
are from India.
So they're Indo-European.
And they conjugate their verbs.
Basque is another story.
And we don't know.
There's Edgar Cayce said that
the Basques were from Atlantis.
>>REGINA: That's
why I'm asking that.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That it would seem to be because
it doesn't fit in any other--
their language doesn't
fit in another pattern.
And like you say, the strength
of the species themselves.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
The power.
Because once you have a memory
of your achievement in history,
even on a subconscious
level you tend
to have a more resistive
power to the overtaking of you
by others who wish to just
sort of rub you out as they
say in the history books.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
Well, and from
Atlantis also-- again,
depending on whether
you're talking
about the first or second
or third destruction, each
of which were different.
Again, the people emigrated
all over the planet.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And my understanding
is that because there was high
technology--
and this is a part that
often gets left out.
We're looking for
land bridges when,
in fact, if you have flight,
you don't need a land bridge.
>>TARPEY: That's correct.
>>REGINA: You can
pretty much deposit
people, whatever you wish,
around the planet as you wish.
So let's just say there
was flight at that time.
And there were also
adjacent lands.
How did you see that emigration
happening away from Atlantis,
starting first, second,
and third destructions?
>>TARPEY: I think it
was people in a panic.
And there were both groups
as Cayce described them,
the sons of Belial and
the followers of the One,
or the children of the Law
of One as Cayce called them.
Those who were more
spiritually-oriented
were the children
of the Law of One,
because it's the knowledge that
we are not in small groups.
We are in one large
group, which is
the message of Buddha
and Jesus and Muhammad
and every great teacher, that
we must join the large group.
I ran into something-- if I
might diverge a little bit--
>>REGINA: Please
>>TARPEY: --at a gift shop.
>>REGINA: Please.
>>TARPEY: A definition
of a small group as if
the small group was talking.
We have gotten
used to each other.
We know each other for so long.
We know each part of us.
We get along.
We don't necessarily
like each other,
but we've learned to get along.
And we no longer
judge each other.
We simply judge others together.
>>REGINA: There you go.
That's the definition
of a small group.
With that, let's talk about the
nature of the sons of Belial.
Sons and daughters, obviously.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
The sons of Belial are
those that come in.
Everything is choice here.
And they get attached
to the material world
as all of the souls
that first came in.
They were thought
forms in the beginning
according to the
testimony of Edgar Cayce.
And so they were just creating
things all around them.
And it was play.
It was fun in the dense field.
But then, as they
got into it, they
began to believe the
world that they were in
and they forgot who they were.
There are some that could
not remember any of it.
And so therefore, they're
completely blocked out.
But it's choice.
And this is a place of choice.
And there's no judgment.
And some souls will
take more time.
But as much time as needed,
that's the time given.
But there will be adjustments.
and resets, I call them.
>>REGINA: And what
do you mean by that?
>>TARPEY: An
adjustment or a reset
is when things are going wrong.
Edgar Cayce called this
place laboratory earth.
It's a giant classroom.
And so we're not allowed
to destroy the classroom
because too many
souls are involved
and too many contracts
have been made.
And so if one life
form decides that they
are more important
than all this and want
to do things that would
destroy laboratory earth,
then there are
gentle adjustments,
and then there are
shake-ups that occur.
Earthquakes and the
destructions of Atlantis
would be an example
of a heavy one.
>>REGINA: A final one.
Yes.
>>TARPEY: Which, as I said
to you once before I think,
I'm into the minor adjustments,
not the major ones.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so am
I. Actually, I was in--
Dolores Cannon
regressed me one time.
About 15 years ago.
And I was quite surprised
where I ended up.
I didn't plan on going there.
But it was on the final hours
of the earliest breaking off
or destruction of Atlantis.
And what had happened
psychologically to us
as a species and what
the life at that time
was like, which was
actually beautiful.
This was before a lot of the
corruption of technologies
had really set in.
We were using the
natural technologies.
>>TARPEY: It was sort
of the beginning--
>>REGINA: It was the beginning--
>>TARPEY: --of that technology.
>>REGINA: It was the beginning
where a lot of the Lemurian
influence had already
migrated over into--
>>TARPEY: Yes.
The Lemurian crystals
were already there.
There was a correspondence
between the two.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
It was quite an interesting and
shocking thing to go through.
But on the other hand,
it was known for so long.
Many people with knowledge
had been taken out
to preserve that
knowledge elsewhere.
Others went down with the ship.
And that was by design.
By choice, too.
But one thing-- it's just
intersecting in my mind
right now.
According to the Hermetic text,
Aegyptia, the earliest stages
of Egypt, were
200,000 years ago.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about this confluence,
because Egyptologists
are very confused.
And they haven't even begun
to make their discoveries that
are well under the sand still.
Let's talk about
where the migrations
between early, early Egypt,
Lemuria, and Atlantis
were taking place.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: The very earliest
one are prehistoric.
And so some of them have
no records anywhere.
The thing is during
the destruction times,
there were emergencies.
And people leave without
so much preparation.
And they leave in chaotic
groups without planning.
Although, during the
last destruction, Cayce
talks about planning and groups
going an an orderly fashion.
But they went and the
technology did not go with them.
And if you bring that kind of
knowledge into another society,
it's very difficult
for it to go through,
except if there's an
extraordinarily invitational
situation involved there, where
that technology can develop.
And hints of it-- at least
hints of it can go on.
And I think Egypt was
the beneficiary of that.
But Egypt was also involved
in wars with Atlantis
according to the testimony
in Plato's "Republic."
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TARPEY: And the great
wars that went on.
And the Egyptians--
>>REGINA: You're saying this was
when Atlantis and the peoples
had become more
militarily aggressive?
>>TARPEY: Right.
>>REGINA: And Egypt was
in a very high state
still at that point.
>>TARPEY: Around
13,000 years ago.
And so when Solon,
the great lawmaker
from Greece, who actually--
because of the difference.
It happened in Greece also
where the most powerful and rich
people had all of the
riches and the poor people
had nothing after a while.
And so Solon made a law,
which was very dangerous law.
He canceled all debts
in ancient Greece.
And soon after that, he decided
to leave because he knew
it would be dangerous for him.
So he began his
travels of 10 years
to get away from the chaos
that resulted afterwards.
He visited Egypt, anyway,
at the temple of Sais.
And the Egyptians told
him, oh, you Greeks.
You're so young.
You don't even know of the
great wars that occurred,
all that has happened.
And thank you for
helping us in the defeat
of the Atlanteans,
those on the other side
of the Pillars of Hercules.
And so Plato's testimony in
the "Critias" and the "Timaeus"
is very important for
us now in this time.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's now move
into this time.
Because you're talking about
who was the beneficiary
of certain technologies
of a high nature.
And then, who was the
beneficiary of technologies
that were mishandled
and misused,
which is expressing
itself again today.
And you would have to say,
let's go to Francis Bacon.
Let's go to the emergence
of the New Atlantis.
What that actually means--
we'll get into definitions.
And the misuse of
technology once again.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
It began with the large animals
according to Edgar Cayce.
There were large
animals there, which
was a natural
process of laboratory
earth and a challenge.
And the Atlanteans were
the most active souls
according to Edgar Cayce,
the entrepreneurial souls.
And they decided to take action
against the large animals,
unaware that this had already
been planned for by nature.
With the ice sheets
and everything else,
that was all going
to be handled.
But they were impatient.
And so they began to fool
around with crystals.
And they used those crystals,
much like some technology being
used at this moment, to
bombard the stratosphere
and the ionosphere with rays.
And it disturbed the weather.
And it disturbed other
things within the Earth.
And that was the cause--
the beginning of the
wave of destruction
that would plague
Atlantis from then on.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, that opens up
a big can of worms.
>>TARPEY: [INAUDIBLE].
>>REGINA: Because we're
right back there again.
I mean, it's a bugaboo
I have when people start
trying to get into the debate,
the kind of classical Fox News
versus CNN and MSNBC debate
about global climate change.
If you cannot take these hidden
technologies into account,
you cannot intelligently
discuss that subject.
>>TARPEY: No.
>>REGINA: And we're
doing it again.
>>TARPEY: Well, we
are where we were.
This is the New Atlantis.
But then again, "new" has
many shades of meaning.
"New" just means time.
But "new" can also
mean a transformation.
We're not sure yet.
It's all a matter of choice.
>>REGINA: When you and I were
talking in prep on the phone
about a week or so ago, we
were talking about a new start.
And you made this distinction.
The new start of an old
version or a new version
of the previous Atlantis.
>>TARPEY: That's right.
>>REGINA: Which alludes to
kind of what you were saying.
So let's get into the
prophecies, the potential,
why Francis Bacon called
America the New Atlantis.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
It's the new Atlantis because
they're fresh of mind.
They're active.
They took the best people.
Really, the ones
that didn't fit.
The ones that wanted
their freedom.
>>REGINA: Original
thinkers more?
>>TARPEY: The original thinkers.
The ones that wouldn't go along.
>>REGINA: And criminals, which
are often original thinkers.
>>TARPEY: But
anyway, it's destiny.
It was a time of great change.
And they came here.
And they came here
from all parts.
And then later on, they came
from all over the world.
And it just became a new
character all together
to this nation.
And it is the promise
of the coming together.
Because Edgar Cayce said
this was an invitation
by the people of the
red residence field
to the people of the Eurasian
white field for them to come.
Unfortunately, they didn't
know it was an invitation.
They thought it was just a
happening and an opportunity.
And they thought they came
to conquer when actually they
came to learn.
>>REGINA: As you say,
it became opportunism.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
The Conquistadors came.
And Spain just wanted
to get rid of them.
You know, keep soldiers
around after the war is over
because they form
groups and pillage.
And so they figured, go
someplace else and pillage.
>>REGINA: Right.
So send them over here.
>>TARPEY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So we have now, from
the 1600s, the view that this
was the place of new thought?
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Now, let's progress
that forward to today.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: The technologies--
some of the technologies,
not all, have re-emerged.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: The remembrances
are happening.
And certainly over the next,
I think couple lifetimes
of people, we're going
to see, maybe almost
a complete re-emergence of some
of those profound technologies
of the Atlantean times.
Evaluate for us.
And then also,
maybe use whatever
is in the Hopi
knowledge and legend.
And even in Cayce's
knowledge and legend,
what is supposed to happen
here, what the temptations are,
and so forth.
>>TARPEY: Well, the
way I'd answer it
is that Cayce said the
function of crystal
is first, the communication
with other dimensions.
That's what it's most meant for.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TARPEY: But it has
another flip-side,
which is of technological use.
Because the crystal radio came.
And crystal is the basis of our
computer technology-- silicon
crystal and
variations thereafter.
And so it's really
a secondary use.
But the humans, being who
we are, and especially
the Atlanteans being so
active and entrepreneurial,
they sort of ran with the ball.
And although Thomas Edison
said whatever human beings can
come up with
technologically, they
have the character
that can handle it.
They can do this.
The thing is it's
a matter of timing.
Do we have the
time to control it?
And do we have the strength
of people in this civilization
to hold them off a little
bit from the playing,
like they're doing
in the ionosphere?
Bombarding the ionosphere.
>>REGINA: That's what I
was just going to bring up.
>>TARPEY: Looking for
weather weapons again.
>>REGINA: Again?
>>TARPEY: Yeah.
Yes, we're repeating.
We're repeating.
>>REGINA: I mean, I'm not a
doomsdayer in this way at all,
because I do believe in
the spirit of the people
to transcend that.
Just as a-- maybe a different
question for a moment.
Do you see the
makeup of the people
in this land as
dominantly Atlantean,
or is there the Lemurian
effect under there too?
>>TARPEY: They're all here.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Many different souls,
not only from there,
from all different places.
We don't know the choices
made in the bardo, which
is the lifetimes in between,
many contracts are made
and nobody is to be judged.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TARPEY: Even
somebody that you think
is not right for the
civilization, or evil,
we can't be too quick.
Because some souls have taken
on roles to shake us up.
>>REGINA: They're
there for a reason.
>>TARPEY: They are
They're like a
streak in the '70s,
I remember in the
Academy Awards.
And they used to have these
naked people streak across.
And it streaked across.
And it's like, wow.
And then all of a sudden,
there was a moment of thought.
That's what they're like.
And so we have to
respect and we have
to wait and see what happens.
>>REGINA: And maybe
see the people
that we judge as more
simply a disruptive force.
>>TARPEY: That's right.
>>REGINA: Because the
program needs readjusting.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
And so we have to be patient and
come out of the polarization.
That's sons of
Belial and children
of the Law of One polarization.
It means both sides, we're
not doing enough work
to do their talking,
especially in smaller groups.
The talking must be
in smaller groups,
not in the large groups.
And democracy has
its limitations,
as the Eastertime ballot between
Barabbas and Jesus told us,
votes can be manipulated.
>>REGINA: Right We know that.
So what was Edgar
Casey's prophecy
for this coming together
at this time in history?
Aside from any earth
calamities, because we're
familiar with his East
Coast/West Coast earth
calamity processes.
And the being that I've spoken
with over the last 30 years
said some of this
will be changed.
Much is true, but
much will be averted
because of the
consciousness shifting
and the people on the land.
Can you talk about all of this?
>>TARPEY: Edgar Cayce, I think
was very positive about it.
It's all part of laboratory
earth-- the system,
the process of choice.
There is nothing to
worry about because,
as I found in the
Course of Miracles--
a wonderful program--
that we are invulnerable.
If we could only know that as
souls, we are invulnerable.
It's our fear of death that
gives us our limitations.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>TARPEY: And our secrets
among each other that
gives us our limitations.
And so we-- whatever it
is, we can handle it.
We can do it.
So it's the time now for
all souls to come together,
but come together where you are.
In small groups, get together.
My work as a shaman with
Mayan calendar readings
is involved with the one-to-one,
where it really goes in.
It goes in deep on both sides.
The teaching goes way down
into the subconscious.
And that one-on-one then
develops into groups.
And I advocate that each person
that gets a Mayan calendar
reading, calls for a
Mayan calendar reading,
make a small group.
And I have a recommendation
of how to do it.
And it's very simple.
Don't have an agenda.
Let each person speak in turn.
And let whatever they say stand.
>>REGINA: Respect one
another in this regard.
>>TARPEY: Respect one
another and stop cutting off,
like the talking
heads on the TV.
Nobody can finish a story.
The commercial comes in.
It's like ADHD communication.
But we can stop that
at the grassroots.
We have something we can do.
And so there are also the broad
movements of consciousness
that are abroad.
And that also was very
helpful, because they
create thought forms
that stay and hover
around us like the orbs.
And that will help.
And so the souls that
have the consciousness,
like the children
of the Law of One,
must come forward now and do
their work because we need it
now more than ever.
>>REGINA: So how do people
self-select in this process?
How do they know
what they're from?
>>TARPEY: Ah.
What they're from?
How do they know?
They know by coming together
with others of like mind.
>>REGINA: OK.
And you can see what the
collective looks like?
>>TARPEY: And you can see.
And they will
sharpen each other.
They will know.
They will recharge a battery
from the static given
in society's control by cultures
and governments with agendas
all over the place.
And it's only at the grass
roots that this can be done.
>>REGINA: This makes sense.
Because if you are
naturally resonating
with this person, or
this topic, or that,
and you start in this
very organic level
drawing people together for
conversation over dinner
or coffee, or whatnot.
And the agenda that's
emerging from it
will tell you what
your path is, won't it?
>>TARPEY: Yes.
And sit in the circle.
And as you sit in the circle,
there's a magic of the circle.
I discovered it
in organizations,
but it would always
be sort of interrupted
because a railroad was coming
through, a decision that
was coming through, that
was made before the meeting.
>>REGINA: Well, you can feel
the organic nature of that
compared to standing in line
as troops with the commander
on the stage looking out, right?
That doesn't feel so good.
>>TARPEY: And so when they're
all together like that
and they respect what each
other says, believe me,
they're coming back.
They don't get
that anyplace else.
They don't get that respect.
And we have a
saying in our groups
when somebody finishes
speaking, please, don't say but.
Keep your "but" out of other
people's conversations.
And so it has a
double meaning there.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it does.
That's a good one.
It's funny, I was meditating
yesterday on something,
and the words just came
streaming through so clearly.
Bow to no one, but
honor everyone--
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: --that we
are sovereign beings.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
Because we don't know much.
Human beings know so little.
The first question
that the shaman
asks of the human being
that's in front of him
or her is, who's
running the show?
Human beings, you ask people,
who takes care of digestion?
Who is changing the cells?
Who's doing that?
Oh, my brain is doing
that, or I'm doing that.
It's all correct, except
for the word "I" and "my."
Human beings are so
great at taking credit
for things they don't do.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>TARPEY: That's the ego.
Most everything is
done for us here.
It's on the automatic.
And animals and plants
have the same facility,
which the Western mind
has to begin to learn.
Because when the
American Indians pray,
they pray to the
plants and the animals
for patience with the newer
life form that is here,
the human being.
Because animals and plants
are actually more aligned.
And it's the arrogance
of civilization
that pumps up the human being
beyond what they're entitled
to do on laboratory earth.
>>REGINA: And since you brought
the Native American story
into it a little bit, which
is-- and thank you for that--
so true, what is the Hopi view?
You've been studying
with the Hopi lately.
What does the Hopi
view on what's
emerging in this new Atlantis?
>>TARPEY: The Hopi
are an amazing people.
I was drawn to them because
I met some people that were--
White Bear.
I didn't meet White Bear,
but I met the people
through the circle of
friends who knew White Bear.
And we took a trip
up to the Hopi lands
with my friend John
[? Lorenz ?] and Patrick Walsh.
And something magical
happened there.
And all of a sudden, I was
stimulated to begin my study,
because I felt
something there that I
hadn't felt in a
long time since going
to the Mayan lands in Egypt.
And so I began my study.
And what I found
is a treasure trove
of people who used what is the
Sanskrit word of "swastika."
"Swastika" in the German.
They took it, it's
a Buddhist symbol.
It's an ancient-- not Buddhist.
It's all over the world.
We can't trace where it's from.
>>REGINA: Right.
Mostly, it goes back to India
as far as most people trace.
>>TARPEY: And so that
united the Tibetans
and the Hopi, that symbol.
And the Hopi translate it as
the migrations of their clans
to the four corners
of the Americas.
According to their legends,
they went all the way down
to Patagonia, different
clans of them.
They went all the way to the
East, all the way to the West,
all the way to what they called
the Back Door up in the North
where the ice begins.
And they all came back.
And after all their
experiences, they
had to pick a place
that would be peaceful,
that they could be permanent.
And it had to be a place
with no running water.
>>REGINA: Why would they choose
a place with no running water?
>>TARPEY: Because nobody
else would want it.
>>REGINA: There you go.
That's the only sane
answer I can think of.
That's true.
>>TARPEY: The measure of peace.
>>REGINA: The measure of peace.
A land that no one else wants.
There's nothing to fight over.
>>TARPEY: They had developed a
spirit, a trust in themselves,
that if they do their ceremonies
and they follow their heart,
that they will be provided
for wherever they are
on the Earth or any place else.
What an amazing
premise of people.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>TARPEY: I was just floored
when I found that out.
I'm getting chills now.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I've never heard that.
That's beautiful.
>>TARPEY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Total faith.
>>TARPEY: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: What about their
connection with the stars
and the star people
portion of that story?
>>TARPEY: They do
have connections.
And they have it
in their art forms.
Their star people came.
And many now today are
talking about the star people.
My wife, Nobie, and I were
talking about that yesterday.
And they're there.
And some come to help.
There are different
spirit species.
They're the sons of Belial and
the followers of the Law of One
among them, too.
They are souls
with choices also.
But somehow, there is a
protective layer here.
Laboratory earth
will be protected.
They cannot take it over because
it's protected by the creator,
the inviter himself/herself.
The creator is the inviter.
Because the synonym for
creation is invitation.
It's an invitation for
evolution to become
a companion of a different
order to the creator.
That's the only explanation
I've ever found.
And I found out through the
[? ARE ? ] records and Edgar
Cayce records.
>>REGINA: What
about the notion--
because virtually
every world tradition,
every religion
has this component
to it of the notion of
beings from the realms
above and the realms below
basically joining here.
>>TARPEY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And
influencing here what
goes on in this dimension
with Earth people.
>>TARPEY: Apparently, we're
a very enticing little sector
of the universe.
>>REGINA: Apparently.
>>TARPEY: And there's
a lot of interest.
And also there are, for
example, the people of Eurasia
wanting to go to the Americas.
But there, we're surrounded
by a magnetic field here.
There's a protection,
a natural protection.
The creator has a
plan going on here.
And my feeling is that that
plan is this is to continue.
And there will be some
that are coming in--
star people.
They have always been coming in.
And many of them are in
the form of the Christs.
Because a Christ is really--
the definition of it would be
a divine infusion for help.
And there have
been many of them,
because we need a lot of help.
>>REGINA: We do
need a lot of help.
So I guess part of my
question is, if we're a place,
if we're a plane or a
dimension that is intersecting
with higher and
lower planes, there
has to be some
self-determination within us
as individuals and
small groups as to which
we're going to align with
on a simple frequency level.
>>TARPEY: Right.
>>REGINA: And this seems
to play out all the time.
But what I'm hearing you say
is that we are protected,
hopefully not from the
influence of the higher realms,
but in that we're protected
from the extreme influence
of the lower realms.
>>TARPEY: The harm.
>>REGINA: The harm.
>>TARPEY: That's
what I found out
in the Mayan records
is that we're now
in the Fourth Creation.
There was the first, the second.
The third was Atlantis.
And Atlantis fell.
And it's very well-told in the
Popol Vuh about the Principle
Bird Deity, which
represented Atlantis
with its jewelry and its
ego during those dark times.
During the fall of Atlantis,
they were still maintaining.
But the Christ of the Maya
came and shot him down
from the tree with a blowgun.
>>REGINA: OK, there you go.
Took care of that.
>>TARPEY: And the same--
but they shot him
down because he,
himself, the
Principal Bird Deity,
is so powerful that he
is actually helping.
He's not evil.
He's helping that civilization
to end more quickly so
that the new civilization
can transform.
And he later takes other
aspects on as Itzamna,
which is the one who
created humankind
with the goddess Ixchel of the
moon and their 13 children.
Of course, 13.
>>REGINA: Of course, 13.
Let's look beyond the Hopi now.
One thing is you said the number
20 is important in America.
And you say the year
2020 is important.
Before we get to that,
let's feed into it.
December 21, 2012, the
end of the Mayan calendar.
People were freaking
out all over the world.
OK.
So it's come and it's gone.
What was the literal
interpretation
of what was to have
happened at that time?
And then, what does
2020 lead us to?
>>TARPEY: The 2012/2013
juncture is the end
of the juncture from 3100 BC.
That's when upper and
lower Egypt were united.
It's like a marker of time.
And the Sumerian civilization
was developing a pace.
And that is a beginning
of this civilization.
We are them, because it's
not that all of us are them,
but it is the dominant thrust
of our civilization, that
which came from
the Persian Gulf,
and the Mesopotamia, and Egypt.
And the torch got passed
to the Persians, and then
the Persians and the Egyptians.
And then, the Egyptians
to the Greeks.
And then, the Greeks
to the Romans.
And then, the Romans
to the French.
And then, to England.
And then, the torch was
passed to the United States.
>>REGINA: Does this
also bring reincarnation
in when you say we are them,
as we have, from that period,
reincarnated in mass now?
Because that's my observation.
>>TARPEY: And they're
coming in from different--
we don't know where.
All sorts of different
places because it's arranged.
Because there are conferences
in the bardo, in the time
in between lives,
where we make contract.
We have a mission.
The Mayan calendar is
the finest instrument
I have ever seen to tell people
what their spiritual mission
in here is.
And their incarnate
Kundalini aspect.
What's at the flip-side, the
bottom at the Lord of night,
for example, that walks
underneath them 24/7.
And that guides them through
their legs and their left ear
at night.
Things like that that are
unheard of in other areas.
And China has this.
The other regions all
have this unique part.
And we must listen
to them the same
as we listen to the
global civilization coming
from the Middle East.
We have to allow those other
testimonies to get through.
And that's my life work.
>>REGINA: It is.
And you do a
beautiful job of it.
>>TARPEY: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I remember my
reading with you years ago.
Now, one thing you did say also
that we have not touched on yet
is part of the issue
with the red land.
And the red land being--
which is the Americas,
being the new Atlantis,
is that we sadly have lost
our connection with nature,
which is what allows us
to bring in these--
what you can say are
damaging technologies
that we talked about,
such as altering weather
patterns with intention, without
regard for the planet itself.
Let's talk about that necessity
to reconnect with nature.
>>TARPEY: Nature is
the intelligence.
The human mind is not
the intelligent party.
The heart is the intelligence.
The human mind is
rather like a machine
that can spin it around.
And the heart and the
subconscious will follow,
but it's given a power to
whatever it thinks of--
this will work for it.
But the heart will
sometimes go against it
because it knows that.
And you won't be able to sleep.
You won't be able to sit still
if you're doing the wrong thing
and you know.
And that's the conscience.
And so this is a built-in
power that we have.
>>REGINA: The power of nature.
>>TARPEY: The power of nature.
The word of God is in nature.
It cannot be in anything
formed by human hand.
I don't care what it is.
If it's formed by
human hand, it is
the Akashic when it
speaks to human being,
speaks to that
human being alone.
It's not for everybody else.
Because that human being is
an interpreter right away.
And the Akashic will
allow its will--
the Akashic record, which cannot
go against the will of that
which it's in
communication with.
That is the sanctified--
>>REGINA: Which is the natural--
>>TARPEY: --contract
of our invitation here.
And so we cannot trust that.
We listen to all of it.
Because like any other source,
there are things in between.
It's called what I call
the filtering of signs.
It's like when I was going
to meet with you here today,
I wanted to see what
it was all about.
So I looked at the sky.
And the Mayan calendar date
for today is [NON-ENGLISH],,
2 and 5.
Of the 13, it's the 2.
Of the 20, it's the 5.
And I looked at the sky
through the star programs,
and I found that the ecliptic
has an extraordinary situation
this day.
And it is that 5
of the 10 orbs seen
in the ecliptic from the Earth--
that's where the zodiac is.
5 of the 10 orbs are
in one place, Pisces.
The last sign, the
most spiritual.
Our meeting here
is very important.
That's the 5.
And it represents
the vision serpent,
where we have our ceremony
and we do a burned offering
with precious things.
And we look into the smoke and
we can envision how it can be.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TARPEY: And the 2, the
number 2 is the duality.
It's the cross of the Maya,
the cross of the Christians,
the North and the South.
The North is the constant place,
the unchanging, and the South
the changing place.
Because Canopus sometimes
can be seen and not seen.
Then, the East and the
West where the sun goes
representing the incarnate.
And the two represents that.
It is the original
energy of separation
that caused the creation.
And that separation is
a longing for the two
to come back together.
And that's what we're
talking about and ways to do.
>>REGINA: And one
final question.
In that journey, we take us
to the other number, 2020,
because this is going
to be an important year.
>>TARPEY: I love this, 2020.
We are in the 20th century.
And 20 is the powerful number.
In most civilizations, the
number 20 represents maturity.
Time when you're a full citizen.
And the Hopi keep their
child in darkness for 20 days
to remember their original home.
2020 means, in our
culture, full sight.
The best the eye can see.
What is happening in the year
2020, something will happen.
The streaker will pass by.
>>REGINA: A disruptor.
>>TARPEY: And the person,
like in "The Wizard of Oz"
that's behind the
curtain, will be seen.
This is my hope and prayer.
>>REGINA: And it is mine, too.
All will be revealed.
So it's a pulling
back of the curtain
to reveal the forces
behind the perceptions that
are being created.
>>TARPEY: We are charged
to keep the hope.
We are never to be
done in by fear.
The best stone I recommend
for people is hematite.
>>REGINA: And tell us a
little more about hematite.
>>TARPEY: Hematite is
the glossy, black stone,
but it's really
the symbol of hope.
Because if you grind it
into powder, it is red.
It is the red of blood
in your own heart.
Things may look black, but the
essence of it is red and hope.
>>REGINA: And just
one more-- we have
just a couple of minutes left.
We've gotten to a
few of the things
we were going to talk about.
Any final thoughts you want to
leave us with at this time when
we're looking at this change?
We're looking forward to
the revelations of 2020.
And we're in the midst of now
really interesting, somewhat
chaotic times.
And the opportunity
within the times
between now, 2017, and 2020.
>>TARPEY: The opportunity
is at hand to us
all the time to not
stay in one group alone.
Go and visit the other groups
beyond their periphery.
Let them know that you're there
and you care and respect them.
You don't have to
think the same way,
but know that that
God is the god of all.
The creator is one.
The Law of One.
And know that.
And as much as possible,
make your own group.
You can.
Everybody has the
facility to facilitate.
Let them sit in a circle.
Have groups.
Let the groups meet together.
Have events.
Build it from the grassroots.
And pay attention to
there at the grassroots.
And the upper echelon must
begin to pay attention to you.
>>REGINA: On that
note, that's beautiful.
That was beautiful.
And I agree, coming
together with clear minds,
clear hearts--
>>TARPEY: Ourselves.
>>REGINA: --and
listening to each other
because nobody's
feeling heard anymore.
>>TARPEY: Yeah, right.
Right.
And we keep that circle.
And vouchsafe the validity
of whatever a soul says.
That's all they want.
>>REGINA: They want to be heard.
>>TARPEY: They want to be heard.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>TARPEY: It's that frustration
of talking at the same time.
Like sometimes when
I argue in New York.
I mean, it's like--
I'm from New York, so it's
a special kind of argument.
>>REGINA: A parallel.
Raymond, thank you so much.
So until next time--
it's taken a few years,
but it's wonderful having
you and Earth Keeper back.
>>TARPEY: Yep.
Thank you very much.
Namaste.
>>REGINA: Namaste.
To go further into
Raymond's work
or for a personal
Mayan reading, you
can go to raymondtarpey.com.
You can also watch my previous
interview with Raymond
here in the Gaia
or CMN Archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]